she was the biggest star
four games
competition ends where do you go you
gotta be [ __ ] kidding me for bronze
medalist hope and Gregory you go home
all of America talking about your
[ __ ] bonds I am a gold medalist you
don't want to [ __ ] with whoever I want
whenever I want look at them so hard on
with their tanks in half and or one part
of the tape and a locket bring my neck
and the other half the Tate lock at your
mom just shove a Prius thank you hey you
hope twitchy yeah no one really calls me
that anymore in fact you were the only
person that did it so different oh
really but that's still there so now I
see it check the resident have you
thought any more about working at the
gym I'm not a coach I a star I was on
Dancing with the Stars it's not called
dancing with the coaches I'm gonna show
you how to be judge fate keep to the
right keep to the left not on cute not a
cute sell it to the bitch-ass judges